---
title: "Wesleyan University : Connecticut, United States"
author:
  name: sebastian_z
  url: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=39223158
---
Wesleyan University | Connecticut, United States | ONSITE | VISA | Full-time | Postdoc

The Department of Mathematics and Computer Science at Wesleyan University invites applications for two postdoctoral positions in Computer Science beginning in Academic Year 2024-2025.  Each position will have an initial appointment of one year, which is renewable for two additional years, subject to satisfactory performance. A Ph.D. in computer science or related field in hand at the time of appointment is required to be hired as a postdoc; appointment as an instructor is possible for a successful A.B.D. candidate. Candidates must also have strong research and teaching records. While the successful applicant will be able to pursue their own research agenda, any overlap with current faculty research is a plus. Areas currently represented include algorithms and complexity, information security and privacy, logic, programming languages, networking, and robotics. The teaching load is three courses per year, likely consisting of an introductory-level course and more advanced courses in the applicant&#x27;s specialty.

We will review applications until the position is filled, but to ensure full consideration, applications should be submitted by 29 February, 2024. Applications must include a cover letter, curriculum vitae, teaching statement, research statement, and three or four letters of recommendation, with at least one addressing teaching.   Applications should be submitted at <a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;academicjobsonline.org&#x2F;ajo&#x2F;jobs&#x2F;27075" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;academicjobsonline.org&#x2F;ajo&#x2F;jobs&#x2F;27075</a> Please submit PDF files only (not URLs). Other correspondence regarding this position may be sent by e-mail to cssearch@wesleyan.edu or to Computer Science Search Committee, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Wesleyan University, Middletown, CT 06459. For more information about the department please visit <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.wesleyan.edu&#x2F;mathcs" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.wesleyan.edu&#x2F;mathcs</a>.

Wesleyan University, located in Middletown, Connecticut, does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religious practice or creed, age, gender, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, ancestry, present or past history of mental disorder, learning disability or physical disability, political belief, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or non-position-related criminal record. We welcome applications from women and members of historically underrepresented minority groups. Inquiries regarding Title IX, Section 504, or any other non-discrimination policies should be directed to: Vice President for Equity &amp; Inclusion &#x2F; Title IX Officer, 318 North College, 860.685.4771.
