---
title: "Swayable : SF, NY, Remote"
author:
  name: jaredrhine
  url: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=44764163
---
Swayable - <a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.swayable.com&#x2F;" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.swayable.com&#x2F;</a> - SF, NY, Remote - Full-Time

Swayable measures how content changes people&#x27;s opinions. We apply a variety of sophisticated machine learning classification, regression, causal AI, and GenAI-based analyses to survey-based data we collect. Customers receive high-level, actionable data about different group&#x27;s responses through an ever-expanding portfolio of web-based visualizations, reports, and natural language interfaces.

All positions support remote US work or SF&#x2F;NY office.

- Senior Engineer: AI Applications. AI Applications Engineer that blends full stack software development expertise with agentic&#x2F;multi-node workflow architectures. You will be responsible for creating and building our portfolio of LLM-based classification, reporting, and analysis applications. Stack: Python (langgraph, pandas, celery, flask, MCP), JavaScript (Vue.js, Node.js), MongoDB, GraphQL, and a variety of LLM providers.

- Senior Engineer: Full-stack Web. Full-stack web to build and enhance our core browser-based applications for building surveys, collecting responses, and visualizing results generated by our suite of sophisticated numerical and qualitative analyses. Stack: Vue 3 (Nuxt), Tailwind CSS, Node (Express), GraphQL, Mongoose, MongoDB, Cypress.

- Senior AI&#x2F;ML Engineer: Scientific Computing. Blending Python software development expertise with scientific computing, machine learning, and AI experience to advance the state of the art analytics engine that powers our core product. Stack: Python (Numpy, Pandas, scikit-learn, Celery, Flask), machine learning (linear regression, casual AI, text classification), MongoDB, and GraphQL.

Postings are available at <a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.swayable.com&#x2F;careers&#x2F;" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.swayable.com&#x2F;careers&#x2F;</a> or free free to contact me (the hiring manager) at eng-jobs@swayable.com
<JobApplication />
