---
title: "Fulcrum : Senior Full Stack Engineer"
author:
  name: fulcrumpro
  url: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=39566160
---
Fulcrum - Senior Full Stack Engineer - Remote or Minneapolis, MN - $145k - 168k+ + benefits and equity - Full-time, Remote or Hybrid - <a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;fulcrumpro.com" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;fulcrumpro.com</a>

Our mission is clear and staggeringly important: we&#x27;re building the manufacturing operating system of the future from the ground up, one that’s engineered to create network effects as we grow. A beautiful, sophisticated quantum leap forward for the most important core industry in the world. The market tells us we’re on the right track and we&#x27;re growing. Currently seventeen developers. (Many from HN!). Series A-2: <a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;fulcrumpro.com&#x2F;ignite" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;fulcrumpro.com&#x2F;ignite</a>

We’re serious about doing great work and we empower people to make it happen. Our favorite tools include C#, Angular, Vue, and serverless TypeScript. We’re primarily interested in finding intensely smart people with talent at their fingertips, regardless of what tech stack you come from. We value autonomy over routine, and empathy over ego. We want to make products that are so elegant that our users feel constantly amazed. If you have at least 2 years of professional experience building all parts of modern webapps, and are interested in helping us develop the next generation of software in a massive market, we’d love to hear from you. The future is ours to build. Answers to your FAQs: Immediate 401(k), with 5% match after 90 days through Vanguard, immediate vesting. health, dental, and vision benefits. Unlimited vacation (15 day mandatory minimums). Remote and flexible work. Typical process: culture screen - tech screen - tech interview - offer. To get in touch: careers@fulcrumpro.com or apply at <a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;fulcrumpro.com&#x2F;team-careers" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;fulcrumpro.com&#x2F;team-careers</a>

* Manifesto Manufacturing is important. It’s the fundamental industry on which everything else is built. We take it for granted. In 1989, 35% of the entire software industry was manufacturing systems. Back then, services, hand holding, customization, and consulting were necessary to get the systems to where they are today. What was the first massive burst in productivity from technology has stagnated into incremental diminishing returns and exponentially increasing complexity. We can only continue to add complexity for so much longer until the whole system collapses. &quot;Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex. It takes a touch of genius and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.&quot; Manufacturing is important. We must deliver a touch of technological genius to reintroduce simplicity, efficiency, and integration.
