---
title: "US+REMOTE : FULL-TIME + CONTRACT"
author:
  name: lmeyerov
  url: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=40224975
---
Graphistry &#x2F; Louie.AI | MULTIPLE: Principal Security Researcher &#x2F; Senior Security Sales Engineer | US+REMOTE | FULL-TIME + CONTRACT | <a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.graphistry.com&#x2F;careers" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.graphistry.com&#x2F;careers</a>

Graphistry is a Gartner-awarded visual graph AI startup used by enterprise, tech, &amp; government teams around the world for data-intensive investigations into digital attacks, fraud, supply chains, misinformation, and more. Originally spinning out of UC Berkeley, we are known for large-scale visualizations that connect GPUs in the cloud to GPUs in the browsers, and helped start the popular data science technologies of what is now Apache Arrow and Nvidia RAPIDS. The last few years have marked year-over-year revenue multiples &amp; team growth entirely on customer revenue growth, no VC needed. We&#x27;re still small and launching Louie.AI, so it&#x27;s an exciting &amp; impactful time!

We recently launched our genAI-first rethinking of the data-intensive investigation experience. Our analytics environment spans genAI notebooks, AI dashboarding, automation, &amp; APIs, and help analysts work individually and in teams in a highly interactive, collaborative, and continuously improving system of intelligence. Louie helps teams generate and manage queries, GPU visual analytics, cases, knowledge, &amp; data science flows. As Louie learns from the interactions, Louie grows from being the helpful copilot for investigations to being the intelligent pipelines powering their automations.

OPPORTUNITY: Cybersecurity (US, Full-time): Principal researcher &#x2F; architect &#x2F; senior SE to work with our community and top customers like top gov agencies, banks, etc in bringing generative AI to their investigation practices. You&#x27;ll partner directly with our CEO, head of AI, head of technical sales, partners like Nvidia &amp; Amazon, and our community to make this happen. Hands-on field-facing, doing special projects and supporting pre&#x2F;post sales. This role can go in multiple directions, such as starting &amp; leading multimillion dollar security AI projects, going deeper into broader intelligence &amp; crime areas, focusing on areas like Splunk integrations, and devrel&#x2F;community. Due to government interest, S&#x2F;TS clearance is helpful, as is experience in FYES, and DC-based or able to travel -- we can assist here. We welcome alternative backgrounds, such as coming out of a SOC at Tier 2 &#x2F; 3 levels, and being engaged in blue team community &amp; OSS. You should be excited by ideas like genAI, graphs, GPUs, and understand needs around areas like security data lakes, EDR, SOAR, and case management.

For info and how to contact, see <a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.graphistry.com&#x2F;careers" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.graphistry.com&#x2F;careers</a>
